./" See http://www.fnal.gov/docs/products/ups/ReferenceManual/html/manpages.html for a good reference on manpages
.TH bagobj 1 7/21/2015 UMobj "bagobj Utility"

.SH NAME
bagobj - archive a directory to Object Storage using the BagIt format

.SH SYNOPSIS
bagobj [-A/--access_key=<access_key>] [-S/--secret_key=<secret_key>]
      [-H/--host=<host>] [-P/--port=<port>] [-h/--help] [--version]
      [-p/--policy=<policy>]+ [-V/--verbose] [-D/--debug] [-m/--multipart]
      bucket[:key]+

.SH DESCRIPTION
bagobj supports the creation of BagIt archives, which package hierarchical filesystems.  BagIt is a format developed by the United States Library of Congress to support the archival of arbitrary digital content.  The contents of a BagIt archive can be verified by using the \fBcmpobj\fR utility.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-A, --access_key=<access_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store access key.  If not supplied, bagobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_ACCESS_KEY_ID\fR.

.TP
\fB-S, --secret_key=<secret_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store secret key.  If not supplied, bagobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY\fR.

.TP
\fB-H, --host=<host>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store server.  If not supplied, bagobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SERVER\fR.

.TP
\fB-P, --port=<port>\fR
Object Store server port [Default: 443]

.TP
\fB--version\fR
Print the version.

.TP
\fB-V/--verbose\fR
Allow for more verbose output.

.TP
\fB-D/--debug\fR
Running in debug mode prints detailed information about the calls being made against the Object Store.  This debugging information can be useful to UMIACS Staff if you have encountered a problem and need assistance.

.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Help menu

.TP
\fB-m/--multipart\fR
This option enables multipart uploads and downloads.  Please note that MD5 checksums cannot be calculated for multipart-uploaded files.

.SH AUTHOR
UMIACS Staff

.SH SEE ALSO
catobj(1), chobj(1), cmpobj(1), cpobj(1), lsobj(1), mkobj(1), mvobj(1),
rmobj(1), streamobj(1), syncobj(1), webobj(1)
