./" See http://www.fnal.gov/docs/products/ups/ReferenceManual/html/manpages.html for a good reference on manpages
.TH catobj 1 7/21/2015 UMobj "catobj Utility"

.SH NAME
catobj - Copy files to and from an Object Store

.SH SYNOPSIS
catobj [OPTION]... SOURCE

.SH DESCRIPTION
catobj prints the contents of an Object Store key to stdout.

.TP
SOURCE
The BUCKET:KEY combination to be printed to stdout.

.SH OPTIONS SUMMARY
Here is a short summary of the options available in catobj.  Please refer to the \fBOPTIONS\fR section below for more detailed descriptions. 

 -A, --access_key=<access_key>  Object store access key
 -S, --secret_key=<secret_key>  Object store secret key
 -H, --host=<host>              Object store server name
 -P, --port=<port>              Object store server port [Default: 443]
     --version                  Print version
 -V, --verbose                  Verbose mode
 -D, --debug                    Debug mode
 -h, --help                     Help message

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-A, --access_key=<access_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store access key.  If not supplied, catobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_ACCESS_KEY_ID\fR.

.TP 
\fB-S, --secret_key=<secret_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store secret key.  If not supplied, catobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY\fR.

.TP
\fB-H, --host=<host>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store server.  If not supplied, catobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SERVER\fR.

.TP
\fB-P, --port=<port>\fR
Object Store server port [Default: 443]

.TP
\fB---version\fR
Print the version.

.TP
\fB-V/--verbose\fR
Allow for more verbose output.

.TP
\fB-D/--debug\fR
Running in debug mode prints detailed information about the calls being made against the Object Store.  This debugging information can be useful to UMIACS Staff if you have encountered a problem and need assistance.

.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Help menu

.SH AUTHOR
UMIACS Staff

.SH SEE ALSO
bagobj(1), chobj(1), cmpobj(1), cpobj(1), lsobj(1), mkobj(1), mvobj(1),
rmobj(1), streamobj(1), syncobj(1)
