./" See http://www.fnal.gov/docs/products/ups/ReferenceManual/html/manpages.html for a good reference on manpages
.TH chobj 1 12/31/2014 UMobj "chobj Utility"

.SH NAME
chobj - change permissions on keys and buckets in an Object Store

.SH SYNOPSIS
chobj [-h] [--version] [-D] [-V] [-A ACCESS_KEY] [-S SECRET_KEY]
             [-H HOST] [-P PORT] [-r]
             [-m {add,remove,bucket,public,private,clear}]
             [--no-bucket-changes] [-p POLICY] [-k METADATA]
             bucket[:key]+

.SH DESCRIPTION
chobj can change the ACL on specific key(s) and buckets.


.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-a, --access_key=<access_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store access key.  If not supplied, chobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_ACCESS_KEY_ID\fR.

.TP 
\fB-s, --secret_key=<secret_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store secret key.  If not supplied, chobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY\fR.

.TP
\fB-S, --server=<server>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store server.  If not supplied, chobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SERVER\fR.

.TP
\fB-P, --port=<port>\fR
Object Store server port [Default: 443]

.TP
\fB-p/--policy=<policy>+\fR
A policy consists of a username and a policy directive separated by a colon.  Policy directives include \fIREAD\fR, \fIWRITE\fR, and \fIFULL_CONTROL\fR.  For example, "-p liam:FULL_CONTROL" could be passed in to grant \fIFULL_CONTROL\fR to user liam.  This flag can be passed multiple times in the same invocation.

.TP
\fB-k/--metadata=<key=value>+\fR
Metadata consists of a key and a value of the form "key=value".  This is the form metadata must be in when adding metadata.  Keys on a n object must be unique, so respecifying a key with a different value will overwrite the pervious value associated with that key.  When in remove mode, one may specify either the full "key=value" pair or just the key to remove.

.TP
\fB---version\fR
Print the version.

.TP
\fB-V/--verbose\fR
Allow for more verbose output.

.TP
\fB-D/--debug\fR
Running in debug mode prints detailed information about the calls being made against the Object Store.  This debugging information can be useful to UMIACS Staff if you have encountered a problem and need assistance.

.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Help menu

.SH EXAMPLES

.PP
There are two main phases when running chobj.  First, there is the selection phase.  The selection phase is where you tell the program precisely which buckets and keys you want to act upon.  In the second phase, chobj actually performs the same operation across all of the objects selected for inclusion in the first phase.

.PP
There are five classes of selection:
.nf
  * bucket only...........(mybucket:)
  * one key...............(mybucket:mykey)
  * subset of keys........(--recursive mybucket:backup/)
  * all keys..............(--no-bucket-changes --recursive mybucket:)
  * all keys and bucket...(--recursive mybucket:)
.fi

.PP
Here are some examples of how one might use chobj to push bucket ACLs to keys.
.RS
.PP
To push bucket ACLs to all keys in a bucket named \fBmyfiles\fR
.PP
.RS
\f(CWchobj \-m bucket \-\-recursive myfiles:\fP
.RE

.PP
To push bucket ACLs to a specific key named \fBfoo\fR in a bucket named \fBmyfiles\fR
.PP
.RS
\f(CWchobj \-m bucket myfiles:foo\fP
.RE
.RE

.PP
Here are some examples how how to add/remove/clear ACLs on buckets and keys.
.RS
.PP
To add FULL_CONTROL permission for user \fBliam\fR and \fIREAD\fR permission for user \fBderek\fR to a subset of keys:
.RS
.PP
\f(CWchobj \-\-policy liam:FULL_CONTROL \-\-policy derek:READ \-m add \-\-recursive mybucket:backup/\fP
.RE
.PP
The \fIremove\fR mode is much the same as \fIadd\fR.
.PP
The \fIclear\fR mode will create an empty policy with only the policies (zero or more) that you specify.  If I have a \fBsecret_files\fR folder that I want to now restrict access to only me, I can do the following:
.RS
.PP
\f(CWchobj \-m clear \-p liam:FULL_CONTROL \-r mybucket:secret_files/\fP
.RE
.PP
Although the same end goal could be achieved with \fIremove\fR, the clear advantage of \fIclear\fR is that I don't have to enumerate all types of access that I am removing.
.RE

.PP
Examples of making buckets and keys public and private
.RS
.PP
Suppose you wanted to make every key public without exposing a list of every file in the \fBsemi_secret_files\fR bucket.  You could accomplish this with the following command:
.RS
.PP
\f(CWchobj -r --no-bucket-changes -m public semi_secret_files:\fP
.RE
.PP
If you wanted to make all of the keys private, you would have changed "-m public" to "-m private"
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
UMIACS Staff

.SH SEE ALSO
bagobj(1), catobj(1), cmpobj(1), cpobj(1), lsobj(1), mkobj(1), mvobj(1),
rmobj(1), syncobj(1)
