./" See http://www.fnal.gov/docs/products/ups/ReferenceManual/html/manpages.html for a good reference on manpages
.TH cmpobj 1 8/13/2015 UMobj "cmpobj Utility"

.SH NAME
cmpobj - retrieve md5 sum for keys in the Object Store / Verify Bagit Archive

.SH SYNOPSIS
cmpobj [-A/--access_key=<access_key>] [-S/--secret_key=<secret_key>]
       [-H/--host=<host>] [-P/--port=<port>] [-h/--help]
       [-V/--verbose] [-D/--debug] [--version] [-v/--verify-bag] 
       [-d/--directory=<directory>]
       bucket:key

.SH DESCRIPTION
cmpobj will generate the md5 sum of the given key in a bucket.  It will not use a temporary file, but does need to fetch all bytes of the key with a multipart download to generate the correct hash.  Please note that on very large keys this can take a significant amount of time.

Secondly, cmpobj can verify the contents of a Bagit archive.  It does this by retrieving the manifest and comparing the expected integrity checksum with the actual one computed from pulling each key down from the Object Store.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-A, --access_key=<access_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store access key.  If not supplied, chobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_ACCESS_KEY_ID\fR.

.TP 
\fB-S, --secret_key=<secret_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store secret key.  If not supplied, chobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY\fR.

.TP
\fB-H, --host=<host>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store server.  If not supplied, chobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SERVER\fR.

.TP
\fB-P, --port=<port>\fR
Object Store server port [Default: 443]

.TP
\fB-v, --verify-bag\fR
Verify bagit archive.  You will still need to pass in the \fIBUCKET\fR:\fIKEY\R combination that contains the archive.

.TP
\fB---version\fR
Print the version.

.TP
\fB-V/--verbose\fR
Allow for more verbose output.

.TP
\fB-D/--debug\fR
Running in debug mode prints detailed information about the calls being made against the Object Store.  This debugging information can be useful to UMIACS Staff if you have encountered a problem and need assistance.

.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Help menu

.TP
\fB-d/--directory=<directory>\fR
The directory that will be compared against the given bucket.

.SH AUTHOR
UMIACS Staff

.SH SEE ALSO
bagobj(1), catobj(1), chobj(1), cpobj(1), lsobj(1), mkobj(1), mvobj(1),
rmobj(1), streamobj(1), syncobj(1)
