./" See http://www.fnal.gov/docs/products/ups/ReferenceManual/html/manpages.html for a good reference on manpages
.TH cpobj 1 7/21/2015 UMobj "cpobj Utility"

.SH NAME
cpobj - Copy files to and from an Object Store

.SH SYNOPSIS
cpobj [OPTION]... SRC BUCKET:[DEST]

cpobj [OPTION]... BUCKET:[SRC] DEST


.SH DESCRIPTION
cpobj can be used to copy files bidirectionally between the local filesystem and an Object Store.

.TP
BUCKET
The bucket that is to be used for this copy operation.  This is necessary on one and only one of the SRC and DEST arguments.

.TP
SRC
Local file system directory/file or object store key.  A directory is allowed for uploads if recursive is turned on, and is allowed for download.

.TP
DEST
Local file system directory/file or object store key.  A directory is allowed for downloads.

.SH OPTIONS SUMMARY
Here is a short summary of the options available in cpobj.  Please refer to the \fBOPTIONS\fR section below for more detailed descriptions.

 -A, --access_key=<access_key>  Object store access key
 -S, --secret_key=<secret_key>  Object store secret key
 -H, --host=<host>              Object store server name
 -P, --port=<port>              Object store server port [Default: 443]
 -m, --multipart                Enable multipart transfer [Default: no]
 -r, --recursive                Copy files recursively [Default: no]
 -f, --force                    Force overwrite files in download mode
     --version                  Print version
 -V, --verbose                  Verbose mode
 -D, --debug                    Debug mode
 -h, --help                     Help message

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-A, --access_key=<access_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store access key.  If not supplied, cpobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_ACCESS_KEY_ID\fR.

.TP
\fB-S, --secret_key=<secret_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store secret key.  If not supplied, cpobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY\fR.

.TP
\fB-H, --host=<host>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store server.  If not supplied, cpobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SERVER\fR.

.TP
\fB-P, --port=<port>\fR
Object Store server port [Default: 443]

.TP
\fB-m/--multipart\fR
This option enables multipart uploads and downloads.  Please note that MD5 checksums cannot be calculated for multipart-uploaded files.

.TP
\fB-r/--recursive\fR
Specify that files should be copied recursively.  If you are copying whole directories and not just individual files, this option needs to be passed.

.TP
\fB-f/--force\fR
The \fB--force\fR option will allow the overwrite of files in download mode.

.TP
\fB--version\fR
Print the version.

.TP
\fB-V/--verbose\fR
Allow for more verbose output.

.TP
\fB-D/--debug\fR
Running in debug mode prints detailed information about the calls being made against the Object Store.  This debugging information can be useful to UMIACS Staff if you have encountered a problem and need assistance.

.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Help menu

.SH AUTHOR
UMIACS Staff

.SH SEE ALSO
bagobj(1), catobj(1), chobj(1), cmpobj(1), lsobj(1), mkobj(1), mvobj(1),
rmobj(1), streamobj(1), syncobj(1), webobj(1)
