./" See http://www.fnal.gov/docs/products/ups/ReferenceManual/html/manpages.html for a good reference on manpages
.TH lsobj 1 9/12/2014 UMobj "lsobj Utility"

.SH NAME
lsobj - list buckets and keys in the given Object Store

.SH SYNOPSIS
lsobj [OPTION]... [BUCKET][:KEY_PREFIX]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlsobj\fR lists buckets and keys in the given Object Store.  \fIBUCKET\fR represents the bucket that is to be listed.  If no \fIBUCKET\fR is given, \fBlsobj\fR will list all the buckets that the user owns.  Additionally, \fIKEY_PREFIX\fR can be specified to list only keys in a given folder.

.SH OPTIONS SUMMARY
Here is a short summary of the options available in lsobj.  Please refer to the \fBOPTIONS\fR section below for more detailed descriptions.

 -a, --access_key=<access_key>  Object store access key
 -s, --secret_key=<secret_key>  Object store secret key
 -S, --server=<server>          Object store server name
 -P, --port=<port>              Object store server port [Default: 443]
     --version                  Print version
 -p, --public                   Show public URLs for the files if available.
 -l, --long                     Use long listing which show full ACL
 -m, --md5                      Show MD5 sum of files if available
 -h, --help                     Help message

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-a, --access_key=<access_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store access key.  If not supplied, lsobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_ACCESS_KEY_ID\fR.

.TP 
\fB-s, --secret_key=<secret_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store secret key.  If not supplied, lsobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY\fR.

.TP
\fB-S, --server=<server>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store server.  If not supplied, lsobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SERVER\fR.

.TP
\fB-P, --port=<port>\fR
Object Store server port [Default: 443]

.TP
\fB---version\fR
Print the version.

.TP
\fB-p, --public\fR
Show public URLs for the files if available.

.TP
\fB-l, --long\fR
Show the full ACL of each individual key.

.TP
\fB-m, --md5\fR
Show the MD5 sum header for the key in the object store.  If the key was uploaded with Multipart there is currently no way to associate a MD5 sum and will be noted in the output.

.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Help menu

.SH AUTHOR
UMIACS Staff

.SH SEE ALSO
chobj(1), cpobj(1), cmpobj(1), mkobj(1), mvobj(1), rmobj(1)
