./" See http://www.fnal.gov/docs/products/ups/ReferenceManual/html/manpages.html for a good reference on manpages
.TH md5obj 1 10/21/2013 UMobj "md5obj Utility"

.SH NAME
md5obj - generate md5 sum for keys in the Object Store

.SH SYNOPSIS
md5obj [-a/--access_key=<access_key>] [-s/--secret_key=<secret_key>]
       [-S/--server=<server>] [-P/--port=<port>] [-h/--help]
       [-V/--verbose] [-D/--debug]
       bucket:key

.SH DESCRIPTION
md5obj will generate the md5 sum of the given key in a bucket.  It will not use a temporary file, but does need to fetch all bytes of the key with a multipart download to generate the correct hash.  Please note that on very large keys this can take a significant amount of time.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-a, --access_key=<access_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store access key.  If not supplied, chobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_ACCESS_KEY_ID\fR.

.TP 
\fB-s, --secret_key=<secret_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store secret key.  If not supplied, chobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY\fR.

.TP
\fB-S, --server=<server>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store server.  If not supplied, chobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SERVER\fR.

.TP
\fB-P, --port=<port>\fR
Object Store server port [Default: 443]

.TP
\fB-V/--verbose\fR
Allow for more verbose output.

.TP
\fB-D/--debug\fR
Running in debug mode prints detailed information about the calls being made against the Object Store.  This debugging information can be useful to UMIACS Staff if you have encountered a problem and need assistance.

.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Help menu

.SH AUTHOR
UMIACS Staff

.SH SEE ALSO
chobj(1), cpobj(1), lsobj(1), mkobj(1), mvobj(1), rmobj(1)
