./" See http://www.fnal.gov/docs/products/ups/ReferenceManual/html/manpages.html for a good reference on manpages
.TH mkobj 1 7/21/2015 UMobj "mkobj Utility"

.SH NAME
mkobj - creates buckets and directories in the Object Store

.SH SYNOPSIS
mkobj [-A/--access_key <access_key>] [-S/--secret_key <secret_key>]
         [-H/--host <host>] [-P/--port <port>] [-h/--help]
         [-V/--verbose] [-D/--debug] [--version]
         BUCKET[:PATH]+

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmkobj\fR creates buckets and directories in the given Object Store.  \fIBUCKET\fR represents the bucket that is to be created or into which directories will be created.  \fIPATH\fR can be specified in order to create a directory in the given \fBBUCKET\fR.

.SH OPTIONS SUMMARY
Here is a short summary of the options available in mkobj.  Please refer to the \fBOPTIONS\fR section below for more detailed descriptions.

 -A, --access_key=<access_key>  Object store access key
 -S, --secret_key=<secret_key>  Object store secret key
 -H, --host=<host>              Object store server name
 -P, --port=<port>              Object store server port [Default: 443]
     --version                  Print version
 -V, --verbose                  Verbose mode
 -D, --debug                    Debug mode
 -h, --help                     Help message

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-a, --access_key=<access_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store access key.  If not supplied, mkobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_ACCESS_KEY_ID\fR.

.TP 
\fB-s, --secret_key=<secret_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store secret key.  If not supplied, mkobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY\fR.

.TP
\fB-S, --server=<server>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store server.  If not supplied, mkobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SERVER\fR.

.TP
\fB-P, --port=<port>\fR
Object Store server port [Default: 443]

.TP
\fB---version\fR
Print the version.

.TP
\fB-V/--verbose\fR
Allow for more verbose output.

.TP
\fB-D/--debug\fR
Running in debug mode prints detailed information about the calls being made against the Object Store.  This debugging information can be useful to UMIACS Staff if you have encountered a problem and need assistance.

.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Help menu

.SH AUTHOR
UMIACS Staff

.SH SEE ALSO
bagobj(1), catobj(1), chobj(1), cmpobj(1), cpobj(1), lsobj(1), mvobj(1),
rmobj(1), streamobj(1), syncobj(1)
