./" See http://www.fnal.gov/docs/products/ups/ReferenceManual/html/manpages.html for a good reference on manpages
.TH mvobj 1 7/21/2015 UMobj "mvobj Utility"

.SH NAME
mvobj - move a key from one location to another

.SH SYNOPSIS
   mvobj [-A/--access_key <access_key>] [-S/--secret_key <secret_key>]
         [-H/--host <host>] [-P/--port <port>] [-h/--help]
         [-V/--verbose] [-D/--debug] [--version]
         SRC_BUCKET:SRC_PATH DEST_BUCKET:DEST_PATH

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmvobj\fR can take a key and assign it a new key name in the given Object Store.  This operation is a
.B 
MOVE
and not a
.B
COPY
of the key.  \fISRC_BUCKET\fR represents the bucket in which the key to be renamed currently resides, while \fIDEST_BUCKET\fR is the name of the bucket in which the key with its new name will reside.  \fISRC_BUCKET\fR and \fIDEST_BUCKET\fR could be the same or they could be different.  \fISRC_PATH\fR specifies the name of the key in the \fISRC_BUCKET\fR, while \fIDEST_PATH\fR specifies what the name of the key will be when it is moved to the \fIDEST_BUCKET\fR.

.SH OPTIONS SUMMARY
Here is a short summary of the options available in mvobj.  Please refer to the \fBOPTIONS\fR section below for more detailed descriptions.

 -A, --access_key=<access_key>  Object store access key
 -S, --secret_key=<secret_key>  Object store secret key
 -H, --host=<host>              Object store server name
 -P, --port=<port>              Object store server port [Default: 443]
     --version                  Print version
 -V, --verbose                  Verbose mode
 -D, --debug                    Debug mode
 -h, --help                     Help message

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-A, --access_key=<access_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store access key.  If not supplied, mvobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_ACCESS_KEY_ID\fR.

.TP 
\fB-S, --secret_key=<secret_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store secret key.  If not supplied, mvobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY\fR.

.TP
\fB-H, --host=<host>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store server.  If not supplied, mvobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SERVER\fR.

.TP
\fB-P, --port=<port>\fR
Object Store server port [Default: 443]

.TP
\fB---version\fR
Print the version.

.TP
\fB-V/--verbose\fR
Allow for more verbose output.

.TP
\fB-D/--debug\fR
Running in debug mode prints detailed information about the calls being made against the Object Store.  This debugging information can be useful to UMIACS Staff if you have encountered a problem and need assistance.

.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Print the help menu.

.SH AUTHOR
UMIACS Staff

.SH SEE ALSO
bagobj(1), catobj(1), chobj(1), cmpobj(1), cpobj(1), lsobj(1), mkobj(1),
rmobj(1), streamobj(1), syncobj(1)
