./" See http://www.fnal.gov/docs/products/ups/ReferenceManual/html/manpages.html for a good reference on manpages
.TH streamobj 1 7/20/2015 UMobj "streamobj Utility"

.SH NAME
streamobj - Stream files to an Object Store

.SH SYNOPSIS
STREAM_SRC | streamobj [OPTION] BUCKET:[DEST]

.SH DESCRIPTION
streamobj can be used to stream data to the Object Store.

.TP
STREAM_SRC
A file stream that is sent to stdout, which will be piped and read into the streamobj utility and uploaded to the object store. 

.TP
BUCKET
The bucket that is to be used for this copy operation. 

.TP
DEST
An object store key. If the key does not exist, a directory will be created with the specified name.

.SH OPTIONS SUMMARY
Here is a short summary of the options available in streamobj.  Please refer to the \fBOPTIONS\fR section below for more detailed descriptions. 

 -A, --access_key=<access_key>  Object store access key
 -S, --secret_key=<secret_key>  Object store secret key
 -H, --host=<host>              Object store server name
 -P, --port=<port>              Object store server port [Default: 443]
 -n, --name=<name>              File name for stream to be saved as
     --version                  Print version
 -V, --verbose                  Verbose mode
 -D, --debug                    Debug mode
 -h, --help                     Help message

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-A, --access_key=<access_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store access key.  If not supplied, streamobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_ACCESS_KEY_ID\fR.

.TP 
\fB-S, --secret_key=<secret_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store secret key.  If not supplied, streamobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY\fR.

.TP
\fB-H, --host=<host>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store server.  If not supplied, streamobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SERVER\fR.

.TP
\fB-P, --port=<port>\fR
Object Store server port [Default: 443]

.TP
\fB-n/--name\fR
The \fB--name\fR option allows you to specify the name of the file that the stream will be saved as once it is uploaded to the object store.

.TP
\fB---version\fR
Print the version.

.TP
\fB-V/--verbose\fR
Allow for more verbose output.

.TP
\fB-D/--debug\fR
Running in debug mode prints detailed information about the calls being made against the Object Store.  This debugging information can be useful to UMIACS Staff if you have encountered a problem and need assistance.

.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Help menu

.SH EXAMPLES

.PP
Here are some examples of how streamobj might be used to send data to the object store.

.PP
To stream a set of files from a directory named \fBmyfiles\fR to the object store and create a tar archive named \fBmyarchive.tar\fR
.PP
.RS
\f(CWtar -cvf - myfiles/* | streamobj -n myarchive.tar mybucket:myfolder\fP
.RE

.PP
To pull a file named \fBfile.txt\fR from the web and stream it to the object store as \fBinformation.txt\fR 
.PP
.RS
\f(CWcurl https://example.com/file.txt | streamobj -n information.txt mybucket:mykey\fP
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
UMIACS Staff

.SH SEE ALSO
bagobj(1), catobj(1), chobj(1), cmpobj(1), cpobj(1), lsobj(1), mkobj(1), mvobj(1),
rmobj(1), syncobj(1)
