./" See http://www.fnal.gov/docs/products/ups/ReferenceManual/html/manpages.html for a good reference on manpages
.TH mkobj 1 7/21/2015 UMobj "webobj Utility"

.SH NAME
webobj - create, examine, and delete website configurations in the Object Store

.SH SYNOPSIS
webobj [-A/--access_key <access_key>] [-S/--secret_key <secret_key>]
         [-H/--host <host>] [-P/--port <port>] [-h/--help]
         [-V/--verbose] [-D/--debug] [--version] -m/--mode <mode>
         -a/--attribute <attribute> [--index <index>] [--error <error>]
         BUCKET

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBwebobj\fR manage bucket web configurations in the given Object Store. \fIBUCKET\fR represents the bucket that is to be operated on.

.SH OPTIONS SUMMARY
Here is a short summary of the options available in webobj.  Please refer to the \fBOPTIONS\fR section below for more detailed descriptions.

 -A, --access_key=<access_key>    Object store access key
 -S, --secret_key=<secret_key>    Object store secret key
 -H, --host=<host>                Object store server name
 -P, --port=<port>                Object store server port [Default: 443]
 -m, --mode=<mode>                Mode of the operation
 -c, --config_type=<config_type>  Bucket attribute to modify
 -f, --force                      Force an action without warnings
     --index                      Index suffix
     --error                      Key to use as an error page
     --version                    Print version
 -V, --verbose                    Verbose mode
 -D, --debug                      Debug mode
 -h, --help                       Help message

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-A, --access_key=<access_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store access key.  If not supplied, webobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_ACCESS_KEY_ID\fR.

.TP
\fB-S, --secret_key=<secret_key>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store secret key.  If not supplied, webobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY\fR.

.TP
\fB-H, --host=<host>\fR
This option allows you to specify an Object Store server.  If not supplied, webobj will use the value of the environment variable \fIOBJ_SERVER\fR.

.TP
\fB-P, --port=<port>\fR
Object Store server port [Default: 443]

.TP
\fB-m, --mode=<mode>\fR
Mode of the operation on the bucket attribute. Available options are 'create', 'delete', and 'examine.'

.TP
\fB-c, --config_type=<config_type>\fR
Type of bucket configuration to modify or operate on. Currently the only option is 'website'

.TP
\fB-f, --force\fR
Force an action while overwriting without warning.

.TP
\fB--index=<index>\fR
The suffix of the index key that will be applied when requesting a "directory" in the site. If not supplied, webobj will use 'index.html'.

.TP
\fB--error=<error>\fR
The name of the key that will be served when the server presents an error. If not supplied, the Object Store's default will be used.

.TP
\fB--version\fR
Print the version.

.TP
\fB-V/--verbose\fR
Allow for more verbose output.

.TP
\fB-D/--debug\fR
Running in debug mode prints detailed information about the calls being made against the Object Store.  This debugging information can be useful to UMIACS Staff if you have encountered a problem and need assistance.

.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Help menu

.SH AUTHOR
UMIACS Staff

.SH SEE ALSO
bagobj(1), catobj(1), chobj(1), cmpobj(1), cpobj(1), lsobj(1), mvobj(1),
rmobj(1), streamobj(1), syncobj(1)
